Privacy Policy
Calculator respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. Accordingly, we will make a reasonable effort to protect the personal information you provide to us. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise manage your personal information.

By providing personal information to Calculator, you agree and consent to the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of your personal information in accordance with this Policy.

Information on our Privacy Policy is available on the footer of the Calculator websites

What we collect:

We may collect personal information that you submit to us that personally identifies you. We will only collect personal information about you if you voluntarily submit it to us. This information may include:

Name
Address
Phone numbers
Email address
How we use personal information:

By providing personal information to us, you are authorizing us to use that personal information, subject to applicable local laws and regulations in the jurisdiction in which you provide the personal information, to:

respond to your inquiries
improve our service offerings
enhance our marketing and communications
provide you with tips, helpful information, product updates
inform you of new products and services
conduct customer surveys
evaluate job applications
for our internal administrative and quality assurance purposes
such other purposes as may be specified from time to time on our website or mobile applications
How we protect your information:

Calculator will make reasonable efforts to ensure your personal information is secure, however we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us over the Internet or via a mobile application. Any such transmission is at your own risk. Once we receive your personal information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to protect its security on our systems. We cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur; however, in the event such a breach or compromise occurs, we will promptly take all reasonable steps to minimize the effects of such breach or compromise and we will notify you in accordance with applicable law.

Sharing of information with third parties:

We will not share your information with third parties except as provided herein or as may be required by law.

Changes to the Policy:

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. If any material changes are made, we will post a notice on our website or applications and related licensing agreements. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are
